and these cuz i watch water fuck these
niggas catch us
please funny niggas told me i should
lead a group fuck
while I love so many fights got snake
got burned I was living in the DA funny
sitting like and niggas ain't bread no
can't believe that hi everybody
everybody wanna be like my runaway ain't
right 104 just wish for plush can't deal
with the team if the players ain't right
nice no medium I said that like it is
big he's trying to play I was trying
under bitch I'm taking friends wait
let's take a little face no laughing
hip-hop gotta get her how you live
fucking one of mine on my paper city red
cuz my brother my sister got kids give a
fuck Queen years way from way live I get
the phone call gonna stop for this hair
but gave a fuck who respect me but you
never see it nigga check me name one
thing in his down where I'm gonna fuck
nigga up and let me but do i do first
boo don't tell who's hump I saw when I
handed em grams like no riding down a
nigga's pretty juice cuz my niggas in
the club shop pull up the girls all a
nigga pull me the girl who's got a
little bitch to tell me everything your
niggas don't worst thing about feet they
don't pull up one leg about a snitch to
the sky
think about bitch on them once like a
buggy Snickers on track bang about the
face fuck
but
all that
Oh No
I hope you're sure
I don't see this
sorry
thank you sir
are you